Add info on defining input items for sub-workflows (#2745)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/integrations/builtin/core-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.executeworkflow.md

- **URL**: Select this option to load the workflow from a URL. You must also enter:
	- **Workflow URL**: Enter the URL you want to load the workflow from.

### Workflow Inputs

If you select a sub-workflow using the **database** and **From list** options, the sub-workflow's input items will automatically display, ready for you to fill in or map values.

You can optionally remove requested input items, in which case the sub-workflow receives `null` as the item's value. You can also enable **Attempt to convert types** to try to automatically convert data to the sub-workflow item's requested type.

> Input items won't display if the sub-workflow's Workflow Input Trigger node uses the "Accept all data" input data mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Input items won't be displayed if the sub-workflow's Workflow Input Trigger node uses the "Accept all data" input data mode.
```
